=pod

=head1 Medium Type

The following definitions have been taken verbatim from:

 ANSI/NISO Z39.83-2-2012
 ISSN: 1041-5653
 NISO Circulation Interchange Protocol (NCIP)
 Part 2: Implementation Profile 1
 Version 2.02

=head1 Mapping

The Medium types described in this document need to be included in bibliographic
descriptions. To do this, we need to create a mapping from itemtypes in Koha to
these Medium Types. 

1. Create a "local use" syspref in Koha, called nncipp_config

2. Create a YAML mapping in the syspref, something like this:

 itemtype2materialtype:
   BK: "Book"
   CR: "Magazine"

=head1 Medium types

=head2 Audio Tape 

Item is a tape on which sound vibrations have been
registered so that the sound may be reproduced.
Source: 3M SIP, media type CK004

=head2 Blu-ray

Item is a Blu-ray Disc (BD) on which visual images,
usually in motion and accompanied by sound, have been
recorded.
Source: Blu-ray Disc Association, What is Blu-ray?

=head2 Book

Item is text, eye-readable, printed, and complete in one
part or intended to be completed in a finite number of
separate parts.
Source: 3M SIP, media type CK001

=head2 Book With Audio Tape

Item is a kit comprising a book and an audiotape.
Source: 3M SIP, media type CK010

=head2 Book With Compact Disc

Item is a kit comprising a book and a compact disc.
Source: 3M SIP, media type CK009

=head2 Book With Diskette

Item is a kit comprising a book and a diskette.
Source: 3M SIP, media type CK008

=head2 Bound Journal

Item is text, eye-readable, printed, and with successive
parts bearing numerical or chronological designations
bound together.
Source: 3M SIP, media type CK003

=head2 CD-ROM

Item is computer file recorded on a compact disc with
read-only memory (ROM) on which digitized machine-
readable data or program code has been registered; this
data is intended to be accessed, processed, or executed
by computer.
Source: 3M SIP, media type CK006

=head2 Compact Disc (CD)

Item is a compact disc on which sound vibrations have
been registered so that the sound may be reproduced.
Source: 3M SIP, media type CK006
23ANSI/NISO Z39.83-2-2012 Version 2.02

=head2 Diskette

Item is a computer file recorded on a diskette; this data is
intended to be accessed, processed, or executed by
computer.
Source: 3M SIP, media type CK007

=head2 DVD

Item is a digital video disc (DVD) on which visual images
or digitized machine-readable data or program code has
been recorded.

=head2 Magazine

Item is text, eye-readable, printed, bearing numerical or
chronological designations, and is one of successive parts
intended to be continued indefinitely.
Source: 3M SIP, media type CK002

=head2 Microform

Item is in a medium such as microfilm, microfiche, etc.
Video Tape Item is a tape on which visual images, usually in motion
and accompanied by sound, have been registered, and
which are designed for playback on a television receiver
or video monitor.
Source: 3M SIP, media type CK005

=cut
